There are 7 tasks

1.1) Create 2 jupyter notebooks and write a code to output the circumference of the circle in one notebook and another for a rectangle.

1.2) Make GitHub Repository for submitting assignments containing folder each folder for single assignment for example repo is called Data-Science-Assignments have folder Assignment 1, Assignment 2, etc and each folder have all notebooks solutions.

1.3) Use Conda and pip for those packages
	1- Use Conda to install a package for speech recognition.
	2- Use pip to install a package for naturla language processing.

2.1) Solve the Python Data types Task
	1- Open code Folder.
	2- Open 01-Python Data types Folder.
	3- Open 10- Objects and Data Structures Assessment Test.ipynb notebook.
	

2.2) Solve the Python Files Task
	1- Open a file, name it 'test.txt' and write 'hello world' for 5 times in it then close it.
	2- Read the contents of the file, then make content in uppercase then write the result again to the file.
	3- Read the third line of the file then update it to its capital case using capitalize.
	4- Using With Statement open this file and append 'I Love python' to it.


3) Solve the Python Statements Task
	1- Open code Folder.
	2- Open 02-Python Statements folder.
	3- Solve 05-Statements Assessment Test.ipynb file.


4) Solve the Functions Task
	1- Open code Folder.
	2- Open 03-Functions folder.
	3- Solve 02-Function Practice Exercises.ipynb file.
	4- Solve 06-Functions and Methods Homework.ipynb file.


5) Get your hand dirty with Problems with Python folder


6) Make project containing different types of files (jpg, png, mp3, txt, avi, mp4, pdf, etc..) then read all files and rename these files with random names except for jpg & mp3 they will stay with no changes.


7) Make a package called 'my_packages' that contains 2 packages first one called Transformers and second one called Operations in Transformers package make a module called StringTransformer that has 2 functions one to reverse a string and second one to capitalize a string, and in the Operations package make one module called Math that has 1 function get_average to get average of list values, then make a notebook to use these functions.

